---
layout: post
author: ath
---

TLDR; Jekyll pulled me out of my existential crisis. In one of my bouts of doubt and panic resignation as I found myself unable to face the reality of corporate work, I decided I need to look for a new job.

### Existential crisis and job hunting

When faced with a self-sabotaging tendency, I decided I have to make calculated decisions and never one on impluse. With numbers and calculations, I was convinced I can only quit if I have secured a new job. 

Or else I have to be patient for a few more years until I have enough to pay back my study loans. If I don't define myself by what I do for a living, I might just be able to get through this.

I got my CV updated with a new look, digged through [Hiredly](https://my.hiredly.com/), which I couldn't help but admire because of its cool and simple UI, and realized I had a tiny problem. 

I was cluesless about what I really wanted to do. 

I know what I don't want. I know what I like - Art and Mathematics (and coding). 

So I came up with a plan for a career pivot:
1. Build a portfolio
2. Learn a niche skill or new language
3. Start small projects

On to number one,

### Building a portfolio

I have nothing to showcase, yet. But why a portfolio first? 

What prompted me was a job ad for a Rendering Engineer, which seems niche and therefore cool. 

I don't have all of the skills, but that didn't stop me from applying, what stopped me was: *Link to a website/blog/portfolio: `______` I couldn't submit the application without filling this.

Come to think of it, it makes sense to start with a portfolio as I can't prove my skills without enough work experience. 

Building a portfolio is a nice little project to hyperfocus on, plus I get to learn new skills if I build it from scratch.

> Building a site from scratch with Jekyll, done. 

But scratch "from scratch". It wasn't entirely from scratch, but more stories on that later.

So long and goodnight.